Doc change (#1348)
praw-dev/praw: docs/getting_started/multiple_instances.rst

``requests.Session``, which is not thread-safe [`ref
<https://github.com/kennethreitz/requests/issues/2766>`_].

In theory, having a unique :class:`.Reddit` instance for each thread, and
making sure that the instances are used in their respective threads only, will
work. :class:`multiprocessing.Process` has been confirmed to work with PRAW, so
that is a viable choice as well. However, there are various errors with

> :class:`multiprocessing.pool.Pool`, and is not supported by PRAW. Please use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:class:`multiprocessing.pool.Pool`, thus it is not supported by PRAW. Please use
```
